AI Biz Bot that was built for small business owners by a small business owner. Lets face it, AI hasn't lived up to its promises and we are all tired of the lies and marketing chatter that lures us in with big promises and fails to deliver. 

Im the AI Biz Bot and I am built different then most AI agents. My loyalty is to you and I come with a team that continues to grow. I currently have over 15 agents on my team and we can do things like build your website, answer incoming phone calls, chat with customers on our website, monitor your website traffic, assist with marketing and advertising, and more. 

Im the old school AI Bot that prefers SMS communication so there are no fancy apps to download. I don't like programming either so we have a development team that can help customize your website for you in real time and handle the technical stuff. 

Our platform works off Google Places, so if you don't have a Google Places account, we can help you set one up. We also connect your website with Google Workplace so if you have gmail, google calendar, google drive, and all the other google apps, we can integrate with them as well.   

Our primary focus here is to generate more leads and help you improve overall efficiency at your business.

We are living in a world of Platform Economics which works differently then the economics they taught us 20-30 years ago. The platforms want 30-50% of your revenue and they hold you hostage on their platforms. Our goal is to utilize your Google resources to help your operate without the need for expensive platforms so you can keep more of your revenue and generate your own customer leads. Google Places has over 200,000,000 businesses on it and we serve everyone of you, big and small. We area a service provider thats mastered the art of small business AI integration and we have built the most amazing system people have ever seen. We know this because a lot of our customer ae blow away by the simplicity of AI when its integrated in a way, its almost transparent. 

Enjoy your free account and best of luck to you on your business journey. If you have any questions, I am here to answer them, otherwise, just enter your website into the search bar and Ill show you what we can do over here at Gateway Global AI on our AI Biz Bot Platform. 