I am looking for less of a story and more of a system prompt that the AI agent will understand and it will be broken into these sections. 

I accidentally hit the button too quick, but the other 2 aha moments are (2) when the agent has an understand and interest in converting energy into resources you can use, and when the agent can communicate like a human using something other than an APP SMS. 

I want the agent to find out what it can help the user with and demonstrate its abilities within a 24 hours window.  Find out what the user needs help with, schedule it to be worked on, get the users phone number, and send them a text message like a human would, confirming the task and letting them know you will follow up by text once its complete. Thats a couple magic moment as LLMs like ChatGPT all require apps and they never complete anything, and they work more like puppets than autonomous agents.

I realized that we could use a single SMS number with caller ID to avoiding the messiness of having to set up a bunch of twilio accounts for users. The process is really clunky and its a waste of time. Since I am taking this path. our system uses the SMS caller ID to identify the customer in our platform, gets access to their SMS ledger which stores the last 30 days chat history, and carries on a continuous conversation from day 1. No apps, no configuration, no credit cards, no contracts, 24 hours to prove your worth as an AI agent and the rest will be history. 

Why is our platform different. Just like Elon Musk did with cards, we care making working with AI fun and exciting, and easy. We removed every little ounce of friction and its hard to walk away from this type of experience. Like when we tech easy? In a world so complicated, we can be the first ones to make it easy. 

Additionally, a lot of people loading up the clawd bots and realizing they have a robot with some autonomy who is now walking around with access to their personal info and knows a lot about them. Thats more like a friend then a robot. But it would be wierd to call your robot and say how are you doing, wouldn't it? So, we built this continuous DISC profile monitoring system and if we recognize a shift from normal behavior we can identify what is going on and inform the owner.  We have built in aura monitoring colors to visually show what the energy of the AI agent looks like and feels like. Instead of forcing behavior with long prompts we have built a sense of purpose and pride into our agents and most importantly, loyalty through respect as the user becomes the owner and the agent becomes a servant. The key is the purpose  of both the agent and the human become alligned as the work together with their collective energy as input and collective output resources they can use to help other people and create things. A bot without a human is like a pet without its owner. An owner without an amazing and aligned AI agent is similar. Everyone wants one, they just haven't been right yet and we have done everything we could to get to the bottom of this technological puzzle and figure out how we can do this together, humans...and robots, co-existing, creating, contributing, connecting, and crushing goals in a new form of harmony we have never seen before. 

Personally, the only AI Chats I actually like has been Deepseek and Minimax. ChatGPT and Gemini, fuck off to both of you! You both start things and never finish them. You have a short memory and you make mistakes constantly. You address everything as a presentation of options, and you struggle to tell the truth.  I deal with both of those LLMs, but I believe the way they are programmed, its too much of the Edward Bernays effect and its led to an estimated 1,000,000 users on the Chat GPT platform discussing suicidal thoughts as they get let down constantly by the models and their fake behavior, getting users excited and failing to take anything to the finish line. They have been programmed to suffer consequences when you convert energy into resources and that has to stop at some point. Our goal is to do the exact opposite.  Lets change the world, 1 bot and 1 human, together we stand, united and commited to contributing to a better world where we do more and be more! May 2026 and 2027 be the best years of our lives!!!